I recommend tonight's masterpiece
How about this item?
Indian Baroda Pearl Necklace
Please bid enthusiastically
Oh buddha
I'll take this necklace.
Give it to
Miss Ren
Kiss Me
I'll buy you 10 million if you like
There are still 10,000, 10010,000, 100 unbid.
There is still 50,005 million unbid
There are still 10,000, 100 bids here.
One Thousand One Times
50 million, 100, twice, 70 million.
70,100
70,100 times 70,100 times
One hundred million. This pie has bid for one hundred million.
Are there any bids left?
100 million 100 100 million 101 million
Sincerely make trouble, right?
Do you dare to take money by force?
I have to compare what escaped today
I'm not here for as much as you pay
In addition, I will add another good friend.
Pardon me?